DOC: Added simple example for registering instruments within pysat (#840)
pysat/pysat: docs/tutorial/tutorial_basics.rst

instantiated using the ``inst_module`` keyword instead of the ``platform`` and
``name`` keywords (jump to the :ref:`instantiation` section below for more
information).  To use the ``platform`` and ``name`` keywords, the instrument

> must be registered. To register a group of instruments within a module,

Reviewer: recommend including a link to the Register API here as well.

instantiated using the ``inst_module`` keyword instead of the ``platform`` and
``name`` keywords (jump to the :ref:`instantiation` section below for more
information).  To use the ``platform`` and ``name`` keywords, the instrument
must be registered. To register a group of instruments within a module,

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
follow the example below.

```

.. code:: python

    import pysat
    import pysatMadrigal as pysatMad
    pysat.utils.registry.register_by_module(pysatMad.instruments)

> or to register a more select group of instruments,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also register a more select group of instruments.
```

.. code:: python

    import pysat
    pysat.utils.registry.register(['pysatMadrigal.instruments.dmsp_ivm',
                                   'pysatMadrigal.instruments.jro_isr'])

> see :py:mod:`pysat.utils.registry` for more. To display the registered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See :py:mod:`pysat.utils.registry` for more details. To display the registered
```

Author: Thanks for the correction. I did copy from a reference elsewhere in the docs to try and keep within standards but I put have missed a difference in application from the source.

Reviewer: Or maybe you copied from something I missed, or something older?  In any case, it's easy enough to catch the things we add in.
